hey guys it's iris from our studios and
welcome to another short tutorial on how
to connect your server to hamachi so
basically all you're gonna do is install
LogMeIn hamachi and we're gonna do is
create a new network if you're gonna
actually make your own server or you're
gonna join a network you just join from
Weber I'm gonna create a network called
Colossus password we'll just leave it
well with one one one IP of the of the
server host so basically you're just
going to connect to that and basically
all your friends can play there's
nothing much more to do than that it's
then you have to join an existing work
network I don't know can you just join
the password and if they have it set up
correctly you'll be able to log in let's
see this we have to run the server first
this is the one I use in tutorial before
like ten minutes ago so let's it's
lagging a bit because I just replace the
worlds like so the world for this was
lagging a bit but it doesn't usually
it's also cuz I'm like recording so I
was generating stuff at so
that's basically just how to how to
connect your hamachi how to connect
hamachi to your it's your server
that's offline and you know that's
basically if it's quite easy it's just
just to help you guys and some other
some other stuff so this is just server
hosting and all that so just a quick
tutorial and I'll see you guys later